OSDOCS#17161: (CQA) APP-2: Deployments (#118441)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deploymentconfig-object-specific-features.adoc

[id="deploymentconfig-object-specific-features_{context}"]
= DeploymentConfig object-specific features

[role="_abstract"]

> When using `DeploymentConfig` objects in {product-title}, you can set Lifecycle hooks and configurecustom deployment strategies. `DeploymentConfig` objects also provide automatic replica set rollbacks upon failure and automatic roll out of updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `DeploymentConfig` objects in {product-title}, you can set Lifecycle hooks and configure custom deployment strategies. `DeploymentConfig` objects also provide automatic replica set rollbacks upon failure and automatic roll out of updates.
```
